Editing Pod disruption budget (#3646)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/orchestrating-elastic-stack-applications/elasticsearch/init-containers-plugin-downloads.asciidoc

            bin/elasticsearch-plugin install --batch repository-gcs
----

> You can also override the Elasticsearch container image to use your own image with the plugins already installed, as described in the <<{p}-custom-images,custom images doc>>. For more information on both these options, you can check the <<{p}-snapshots,Create automated snapshots>> section and the Kubernetes documentation on https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/[init containers].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also override the Elasticsearch container image to use your own image with the plugins already installed, as described in <<{p}-custom-images>>. For more information on both these options, you can check <<{p}-snapshots>> section and the Kubernetes documentation on https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/[init containers].
```

Author: @charith-elastic the links formatting is weird in your suggestion. 
I propose to keep this version:

> You can also override the Elasticsearch container image to use your own image with the plugins already installed, as described in <<{p}-custom-images,custom images>>. For more information on both these options, you can check the <<{p}-snapshots,Create automated snapshots>> section and the Kubernetes documentation on https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers/[init containers].

The init container inherits:

* The image of the main container image, if one is not explicitly set.

> * The volume mounts, as long as the name and mount path do not conflict. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The volume mounts from the main container unless a volume mount with the same name and mount path is present in the init container definition.
```
